added MMv1 and handwritten readme (#6230)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/README.md

# MMV1

## Overview

> Mmv1 is a code generator that implements the Terraform Google Provider (TGP) resources from ruby scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mmv1 is a code generator that implements Terraform Provider Google (TPG) resources from ruby scripts.
```

nit: TPG > TGP generally, named for the https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google repo. Terraform Google Provider sounds better, admittedly, I typically call it "the `google` provider" when not using TPG.

> Mmv1 is a code generator that implements the Terraform Google Provider (TGP) resources from ruby scripts.

Reviewer: WDYT of something like "MMv1 is a Ruby-based code generator that ... from YAML specification files. Contributions typically require editing YAML files and small snippets of Go code."? Other than by folks on our team, Ruby contributions are pretty rare.

Author: Totally make sense! I'll change it to "MMv1 is a Ruby-based code generator that implements Terraform Provider Google (TPG) resources from YAML specification files." or should I also mention TPGB? But I was thinking TPG may be a general term for the google providers.

Reviewer: Yeah- TPG generally means both.

> MMv1-generated resources like [google_compute_address](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_address) can be identified by looking in their [Go source](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/blob/main/google/resource_compute_address.go) for an `AUTO GENERATED CODE` header as well as a Type `MMv1`. MMv1-generated resources should have source code present under their product folders, like [mmv1/products/compute](./products/compute) for [google_compute_address](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_address) resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MMv1-generated resources like [google_compute_address](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_address) can be identified by looking in their [Go source](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/blob/main/google/resource_compute_address.go) for an `AUTO GENERATED CODE` header as well as a Type `MMv1`. MMv1-generated resources should have source code present under their product folders, like [mmv1/products/compute](./products/compute) for the [google_compute_address](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_address) resource.
```

## Table of Contents
- [Contributing](#contributing)
	- [Resource](#resource)
	- [IAM Resources](#iam-resource)
	- [Test](#test)
	- [Documentation](#documentation)
	- [Beta Feature](#beta-feature)
		- [Add or update a beta future](#add-or-update-a-beta-feature)
		- [Test that use a beta feature](#test-that-use-a-beta-feature)
		- [Promote a beta feature](#promote-a-beta-feature)

## Contributing

> We'd love to accept your contributions! Thanks for making the changes :) Here's some guidance on how to contribute to mmv1-genereated resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're glad to accept contributions to {{type}} resources. Tutorials and guidance on making changes are available below.
```

Maybe a slightly more clinical wording, i.e. the suggestion, subbing type? So `MMv1` here, and `handwritten` below. By contrast, in tpgtools, we'd state we don't accept contributions, I'd assume.
